A very important role
of a business analyst is to look at the data from normally one perspective,
but to look at the numbers after dividing the data between subgroups.
A common mistake people make is to look at
the mean and base their decisions on that alone.
More informed recommendations are based on detailed analysis of the data distribution.
Then, what is captured in the mean?
The phrase, devil is in the detail, is handy here.
For example, your market segments may be split across states,
regions, or even countries.
Always look at the data across these groups or
other categories to let the data tell you
what is working for one group and not the other.
This type of grouping will affect how you
interpret all of the metrics we have covered so far.
Let's look at an example next.